Father-Son Relationship
"Look, man, I know I ain't been the best dad in the world. But I will always have your best interests at heart."
"That was you. Yeah, there was no you, man. You was young. Your mum started seeing Dwayne. I thought by the time I come out, you'd start thinking he's your dad."
"Be someone today. Yeah? Make me proud."
"You know how it feels to be a parent and not being able to provide for your son?"
"AJ, if I did anything for you, I'd do it."

About His Criminal Record
"Intent to supply Class A drugs. Look, I know what you're thinking. Yeah? But I promise you, I promise you, I am not now, nor have I ever been a drug dealer."
"Look, trust me, part of me wanted to do that. But, you know, there's this whole unwritten rule of no snitching that was just running through my head."
"I ain't going back to prison. I'm not leaving him again, man. Not this time."
"I never tell anybody any of this... especially not my future employer. But you know what, man? I'm just tired of waiting to get fired."
"I made a stupid mistake when I was young."

Financial Struggles
"I just got him back, bro. I just got him back. What's Aisha gonna say now?"
"It would've been some kind of income, man. It would've been something."
"That should cover everything. Now, you give the boy back his phone, you give him his stuff, and you both get the fuck out of my house!"
"I know it's not enough. I know that. But I'm working now. I get paid on Friday."
"Look, as soon as I get paid, I'll sort it."

Protecting AJ from Gangs
"Guys like that won't bring nothin' positive into your life, you know. They're gonna use you."
"They look for boys like you to go sell their drugs, go hide their weapons."
"Look, I don't mean no disrespect, but I'd really appreciate it if you'd just stay away from my son."
"I know what you guys do, man."
"You sure you not hanging with them boys again?"

General Speech Style
"Yeah? Yeah?"
"You're warning me, are ya?"
"I bought that stuff for you."
"Yo, come out my house, man."
"It's all gone, man. It's all gone."